I'm in Florida with guess who whoa whoa
boy
we're at playlist live
[Music]
walking kind of fast because I'm in a
hurry I have to be there for a panel in
25 minutes and I still got to pick up my
badge and I have no obligation
nobody want three is five
[Music]
whale is life
Anna left New York to beat down the
quarter I can always thank learning Expo
do any of us have
[Music]
hey guys when is the last time you watch
the best five they're trying to sell the
vlogging cameras I guess so this is two
DSLRs set up with like four millimeter
lenses and it's rigged together to shoot
the artists oh my god you should shoot
some skateboarding here here we go that
was epic that was so cool he just showed
me a like million pieces a lot yeah
what's yours
human air concentration is super cool
how it was it was like 180 degrees so it
wasn't like complete VR where you could
look completely around but I could
actually sit there and watch it it'll
take everything in trying to find work
the panel is now but John no it looks
like he he ran away for a Segway it was
important I'm late to this it's because
John Hill was busy writing a second ever
written when I had to
and now we're just like where the heck
is a smile and to the rescue though you
need to say hi to my blog and try
yourself
hey I want to send pretending to be my
manager yep she's our manager this
weekend we found it look at John he's
too famous go away John this isn't your
panel guide this is the squad all right
let's go
act cool PG family real lives what is
everyone's name Megan I'm actually
Ashley awesome are y'all teaching
fan-dude
yes okay what is it I'm not gonna do for
Twitter have you treated me before what
colors what ever measure life I think we
saw each other for two seconds okay
Andrew don't tell them a little bit
about what you do so I'm a musician I
work in a lot of different genres I also
like things we're saying
parapan get back again oh they don't
also you got priors inside yeah so start
him I'm telling you it's some of the
most creative stuff I've seen in a while
you're amazing and I should really get
out we're gonna hear more guys our time
for the sick of pill today party so we
can totally I want to introduce a peachy
fan to someone amazing what if your
names with music channel what do you do
my name is Shauna go by mana Lu on the
Internet
I do video blogs most regularly but I
like so making the mess like long-form
story hell yeah but that doesn't happen
that often because it's real hard no
that's what we're going to talk briefly
forward for like three minutes because
basically how I was introduced to your
channel to test the violets channel they
are like ogee youtube and still crushing
it what is this video a parody music
video sale by AOL nation you know go
back and like watch better in every now
and again I mean I go back and like
watch all my good older videos and I was
like
I think it's around 300 million 250
million now something like that and say
yes and say and so it's so cool to watch
your YouTube career of all them stuff
and something that I am hitting a wall
with right now is scaling I know this is
like a very popular term right now it's
killing you can't really business but
it's really hitting this wall by
creating so much and when I do bigger
and better projects but not knowing who
to delegate to how having the money
could gently go my so she has done huge
like filmmaking projects where you are
you know do the role director producer
acting but then also you're hiring other
people from home to do these things how
did you smash through that role of
freaking out about oh my gosh I needed
Elliot like how do I do this it was what
is that moment like and how did you get
the moment didn't really happen and like
I still don't really know how it's awful
it was like terrifying but I've only
really done it one time for this GIM
project I did which was like a fifty
thousand dollar short films basically
and we had like a 20-ish person set
which is huge for me so I'd only ever
done like maybe a four or five hours
with that friend right we're just
helping out this was like oh we're
hiring all these people right and so I
was working with nobody that I knew
before and it was basically through like
finding people through people that I
trusted like oh I happen to know this
person who happened to know someone in
the wedding photography business who
happened is it's a very relational yeah
that's my I so encourage people to get
out their bubble and go to like
conferences go to events because that's
how you can exact language exactly so
that was a big part of it but the
financial part and I think what people
struggle with the most because you have
to pay these people yeah so I have half
of my film was sponsored by full screen
which is a multi-channel network on
YouTube and so I was lucky enough to
have that sort of financial place and
then I knew that we were going to go
over budget because I knew that I wasn't
I wasn't shooting in a YouTube sort of
career like that a community I was
shooting in a community that was a
professional film community you hire
people and you pay them and I wanted to
pay them a decent amount because I feel
like that's important to sustain the
industry and also because I wanted them
to work well and work with
right so I knew we would go over and
because I'm lucky to have an audience I
have done work and I've made money and
I've done like work with brands so I had
some money and I was like I'm going to
put this money in and I'm not gonna
stress about the budget that is one
thing I did not dresses up like when my
production manager came to me and was
like uh we need that someone science
yeah at Ali's yeah yeah we uncle thing I
don't get it
and that repaired retire back but most
people don't have a luxury of doing that
and when you're on a smaller set with
certain things and even now when I'm
going forward planning things I don't
want to do that anymore as it was I was
doing like ten jobs and we couldn't be
crazy on the budget you tried it it
would have been a full-time job just
like scraping on that right so you that
was like something I let go you know
just overcompensate somewhere else right
so it there is no easy answer I think
the biggest thing is is that what you
said it's a relational job get out there
start working let's see if there are ads
on your local class size whatever it is
about oh yeah being a PA people will
search for actors in different areas we
have a site in my area called Mandy calm
that's what everyone uses for like
student film and all those films is all
that so that's where we got most of our
applications yeah for casting so it's
about learning the ins and outs in your
kameez right okay yes okay awesome
no that's amazing that's amazing a good
program to her beautiful taste and we're
just living the life out here in
playlist yeah it's fun it's fun having
talks about like how things actually are
I hate it when our annals and things are
like just believe in myself and you just
do it my favorite thing is like it's
awesome like I cried every day we keep
it wrong really ER and
we sitting here with you and having
chats and let's let's continue playlist
ie okay baby someone is down there so
famous and they're yelling this is a lot
of playlist is fourteen-year-old girls
screaming their face off
oh it's David okay I wonder how Liza
feels about all these girls oh look
they're running running
I just lost my drone up there you can
ran into the building well I just spent
the last hour hour and a half looking
for my dress ha I think it's gone
honestly extremely bummed about my drone
so basically what happened is I was
flying in between two hotels buildings
and it just completely lost signals the
last thing that I saw was it I press the
return to home features as I freaked out
I was getting weak signal and the last
thing that I saw was it just going as
fast as it could into the hotel the side
of the building and so I had the last
GPS signal so what I've been doing for
the past hour and a half is trying to
find the different clearing seeing if I
could see it now I'm here at the homie
what's up I'm so sorry that happened to
you have you ever crashed never sorta
but it was like fifty feet above the
sand he attached a DSLR to it run
yeah I was really smart
I do it again - no I crashed one in a
parking lot and there's one tiny centre
circle of grass like six by six feet and
it's all directly into that would all
submit around it the best luck ever
that's a lie get over here girl
we out here over the lamp guys yeah oh
oh damn I'm out proof pretty great
[Applause]
[Music]
excuse to where you do that once I yeah
here we go here we go amazing y'all -
well it is 1147 at night which means
time to get some work done but it was a
epic day here at playlist live in
Florida so I have a couple more days
here and then I go to Palm Springs for
another YouTube event and then I'm going
to LA and then after that you'll have to
see I love events like these because
it's like a big summer camp for for
creators but also connecting with the
peachy fam I met so many of you guys
today
and it puts a big smile on my face
hearing all of these creatives
next-level things that you guys are
doing in your own lives and it's
inspiring to me I am inspired by you
guys so well I mean I feel like this
video has a subscribe button down below
become further pgc on new videos here
every Monday through Friday everybody
tonight stay peachy guys okay
you
[Music]